RHDEVDOCS-5510: Configuring build runs (#63611)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-understanding-failed-build-runs.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// builds/configuring-build-runs.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ob-understanding-failed-build-runs_{context}"]
= Understanding failed build runs

> When a build run fails, you can check the `status.failedAt` field in your `BuildRun` CR to identify the exact point where the failure happened in the pod or container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a build run fails, you can check the `status.failureDetails` field in your `BuildRun` CR to identify the exact point where the failure happened in the pod or container. This section includes an error message and a reason behind the failure. You get to see the message and reason only if they are defined in your build strategy.
```

> You can also check the `status.failureDetails` field in the `BuildRun` CR, which includes an error message and a reason behind the failure. You get to see the message and reason only if they are defined in your build strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
